(INPUT 001)

Ancient Hebrew history speaks of a race of human beings known as
the 'Anakim' in whose sight the ancient Israelites were as
'grasshoppers'.  These giants were apparently very human yet of
enormous stature.  According to some they were anywhere from 9 to
12 feet tall, and the Israelites eventually drove them out of
Palestine.  As to their final destination or what became of them,
the Hebrew records are strangely silent.
     There are some who believe that men of such stature may have
existed previous to the deluge and the cataclysms which
accompanied it, however the Hebrew records make it clear that a
human race of such great stature existed in post-deluvian times
as well.
     Researcher Warren Smith paraphrased, in 1976, two accounts
related by Leland Lovelace describing incredible finds.  The
following discoveries are very similar to an account which
appeared in an early issue of TAL LeVesque and Mary Martin's
'HOLLOW HASSLE' newsletter which described a similar cave found
in the Silver Peak range of southwestern Nevada, and in which the
bones of human giants, along with gigantic stone furniture and
golden artifacts, etc., was allegedly discovered.  The woman who
submitted the account claimed to personally know an explorer who
had been in the tunnels.  The cave was supposedly discovered
with the help of a 'MU-rian' treasure map which was said to have
originated from an Native American tribe in the area.  Warren
Smith describes two similar incidents, one of which 'may' be a
confirmation of the cavern discovered in the Silver Peak Range,
in the following words:
     "...Author Leland Lovelace told about such a discovery in
'LOST MINES AND BURIED TREASURES' (Naylor Co., 1965; also Ace
Books, New York).  Lovelace said two prospectors were searching
for a gold strike in the desolate mountains of southwestern
Nevada.  The two men were digging in the arid soil when a cave-in
led them into a vast underground tunnel.  Following the
passageway, they went deep into the mountain and entered a large
subterranean room.
     "The two astonished prospectors held their torches high and
saw that the cave was furnished with chairs and tables.  The
furniture was very large, as if manufactured for a race of
giants.  Dishes cast from gold and silver were also found on
the tables.  Other artifacts made from precious metals were
discovered in the cavern.
     "Lovelace did not inform his readers as to what the
prospectors did with their discovery.  We can assume they carried
as much of the precious metal as possible from the scene, then
melted down the objects for their gold and silver.  This often
occurs when a gold-seeker finds a rare archeological discovery. 
Rather than risk the treasure being taken over by the state or
federal government, these men play a game of 'finder's keepers.'
     "In 1904, a prospector named J.C. Brown claimed to have
made an intriguing discovery in the Cascade mountain range of
California.  Brown had been hired by the Lord Cowdray Mining
Company of England to prospect for gold in these isolated areas. 
During his second trip into the Cascades, Brown found a manmade
tunnel carved into a solid rock wall.  According to old reports,
a landslide had destroyed a rock wall that hid the tunnel
entrance.
     "Brown followed the enormous tunnel through the mountain and
came to a large, manmade cavern.  The room was lined with sheets
of tempered copper.  Strange circular shields hammered from gold
were hung on the walls.  Unusual artifacts and statues were
located in niches in the cavern walls.  Unusual drawings, strange
art, undecipherable hieroglyphics AND THE SKELETONS OF WHAT WAS
APPARENTLY A GIANT RACE WERE FOUND IN ROOMS LEADING OFF FROM THE
LARGE CAVERN.
     "Unwilling to share his discovery with his English
employers, Brown did not report the treasure cavern.  Instead, he
continued to work for various mining companies for the next
thirty years until his retirement.  Then, in 1934, he popped up
in Stockton, California, with a map and an intriguing tale. 
Within a few days, eighty people were willing to assist the now-
aging prospector in getting the precious artifacts out of the
cave.
     "On June 19, 1934, Brown and his followers traveled into the
Cascade mountains.  They camped by a small stream, waiting until
morning when Brown was to show the group an entrance into the
cavern.  However, during the night, the old prospector vanished. 
He has not been seen since that night.
     "Fearing that Brown had somehow duped the eighty people,
detectives on the Stockton police department investigated. 
'Brown didn't take a cent from anyone,' the detectives said after
the check-out.
     "The police chief asked, 'What was his game?'
     "The detectives shrugged.
     "'Was he murdered out there?' asked the chief.
     "'He was probably an old liar who knew his time was up,'
replied one of the detectives.
     "'Brown was a kindly old gentleman of advanced years when he
arrived in Stockton,' a doctor wrote several years ago.  'I was a
curious young man at the time, always interested in occult lore. 
Anything that smelled of adventure grabbed my interest.  Brown's
stories were fascinating.  They may have been tall stories about
mythical things by an old man looking for companionship. 
Somehow, over the years, I've gained now respect for the old man.
I believe he was telling the truth.  I don't know his reasons,
but I think he changed his mind at the last minute and decided
not to reveal the location of the lost treasure vault of the
'Lemurian' giants.'"

                        *       *       *

(INPUT 002)

In order to save confusion in one's attempt to categorize all of
the various 'alien' entities encountered during paranormal
events, it is possible to 'break down' most if not all of the
reports into two 'entity' types or categories of intelligent,
though not necessarily benevolent, 'entities'.  We leave it up to
the reader to come to their own conclusions concerning the
plausibility of the existence of the SPECIFIC 'alien' groups
mentioned in the paragraphs below, based on their own review of
the evidence and documentation contained in the entirely of the
COSCON files.  We are convinced, regardless of the reliability of
specific accounts, that the OVERALL evidence strongly suggests
that two general intellectual 'entity groups' inhabit this
general sector of the galaxy, and that these two groups are--
generally speaking--in conflict with each other to some extent. 
Aside from this obvious fact there are numerous accounts which
seem to corroborate this thesis, yet which should nevertheless
be weighed by the reader in light of their corroborative
elements, documentation, the sincerity and reputation of the
numerous witnesses, and other evidences both physical and
circumstantial.  For want of better terms, we will refer to these
two root categories as follows: 1) EVADAMIC or EVA'S - Those
entities which may be considered to be soul-matrixed members of
the human races OR the 'angelic' benevolent beings who seek to
influence them for the good, and 2) DRACONIAN or DRACO'S - Those
entities which are apparently 'soulless' and can be associated
with the neosaurian-reptilian or 'fallen' angelics that have been
known to accompany or motivate them.  Since a cosmic conflict is
taking place between these two groups, and especially between the
fallen and unfallen angelics which influence the physical world
for evil or good respectively, one group may succeed in subduing
part of the other's 'physical' dominion or 'territory' at any
given time.  We must however remember that the ancient battle
between these two groups (human conscience vs. reptilian ego) is
not an outgrowth of a so-called 'dualistic reality', or rather
the idea that good-positive and evil-negative cannot exist
without the other, which is entirely fallacious.  The Draconian
conspiracy should instead be viewed as a 'Cancer' or 'Virus'
which plagues the Universe, an unnatural 'disease' which does not
belong in creation, but one which came about nonetheless through
the mis-use of the free-agency which the Creator gave to his
creation.  The following list of humanoid and sauroid entities
inhabiting Terran, Subterran and Exterran realms is by no means
complete.  The appellations or names given to the various
groupings are for the most part the names which are already in
use to describe them, except for some cases where the actual name
of the entities is uncertain, in which cases we have given them
descriptive titles for want of other terms.  We relate those
groups which have consistently been 'reported' by VARIOUS
sources, regardless of any substantiable evidence whether such
alien groups actually exist or not.  Many of the groupings may go
by various other names as well.  The following synopsis of the
various 'alien' groups is based upon hundreds of corroborating
accounts of encounters with Terran, Subterran or Exterran groups
over a period of several years:
     
     INSIDERS - Residents, either permanent or temporary, of the
various different masonically-connected top secret-government
'underground installations', bases or colonies throughout the
United States and the World.  Some of these groups may possess
advanced technology enabling them to travel to various other
planetary bodies in the solar system.  This group is
international in scope and may be tied-in with the Alternative 2
and 3 scenarios (Evadamic).
     TAYGETEAN - Blond or in some cases brunette 'Nordic' type
humans based in the Pleiadean 'Taygeta' systems, which were
allegedly colonized after their former planetary abode in the
Lyra constellation was invaded by neosaurian entities
(reptilians, greys, etc.).  The main Pleiadean planet of 'Erra',
was allegedly 'Terra-formed' by the refugees from Lyra [which is
much nearer to earth--around 30 light years].  The Pleiadeans
were apparently the first 'human' society to develop sub-space
travel as 'we' did in the 'Philadelphia Experiment', and they
claim that their technology surpasses our 'International'
technology by about 3000 years.  This may explain why the humans
in Lyra were able to travel the vast distances from this part of
the galaxy to colonize the Pleiades, some 430 light-years from
Terra-Earth (Evadamic).
     LYRAN - Supposing that the human inhabitants of Lyra (who
are said to have a common origin as that of earth people) were
driven out of that system hundreds or thousands of years ago,
then it is likely that some of the present day inhibitors of the
'Lyra' constellation may be of neo-Sauroid descent.  During the
Lyran wars which are mentioned in several 'contactee' accounts,
a mass exodus' of humans allegedly left the system and escaped to
the Pleiades, the Hyades [which are 130 light-years from earth in
the Taurus constellation], and Vega which is also in Lyra.  This
region, like our own system, may still be a 'battleground'
between saurian-greys, etc., and humans (Evadamic-Draconian).
     TELOSIAN - Tall, blond inhabitants of a re-established
network of subsurface antediluvian colonies located throughout
the Western States, and concentrated around Mt. Shasta in
northern California.  They are sometimes referred to erroneously
as 'Lemurians' as it is believed that the cavern cities which
they re-discovered and built upon were once part of an
antediluvian(?) civilization called 'Lemuria'.  They may have
loose contact with the Pleiadeans and other groups via ancient
ancestral ties, since the Telosians are earth-NATIVES who
allegedly possess interstellar vehicles.  The name 'Telos' is a
Greek work meaning 'uttermost', but some of the inhabitants refer
to ancient ties with neo-Mayan tribes, and therefore many of them
'may' possess a Greco-Mayan ancestrage (Evadamic).
     ORANGEAN - (also known as the 'Orange' race).  These largely
converge beneath southern Nevada, northern New Mexico and
possibly Utah.  Some sources refer to a [1] 'human' race, others
of [2] a genetically-altered, red-haired human strain or
so-called human-reptilian hybrid.  They are described often as
having a human form yet certain 'reptilian' features.  They are
also said to possess human-like reproductive organs, and possibly
(or not) a human 'soul-matrix', and therefore a divergent branch
of the human race.  Some accounts suggest there MAY also be [3]
orange-colored reptilians which possess no soul-matrix
(Evadamic-Draconian).
     CHAMELEON - Reptilians genetically bred to enable themselves
to appear 'human'.  These are allegedly 'infiltrators' which can
look remarkably human outwardly although retaining reptilian or
neosaurian internal organs.  Often described as appearing 'bulge-
eyed' with scaly, hairless skin behind their 'disguise'.  One
report alleged that the 'Chameleons' may utilize artificial
'lenses' to conceal "slit-pupiled iris'".  Some claim they are
genetically bred 'mercenaries' in a planned invasion-takeover of
human society (Draconian).
     SOLARIANS - Human residents of the 'Sol' System who claim to
have ties with ancient Terran societies, especially subterran
societies which developed off-planet travel early on and
established underground bases and colonies on various planetary
bodies in the 'Sol' system, including the Jovian moons and the
Saturnian moons on which they have allegedly established a
'Tribunal' center for the federated Solarian planets (Evadamic).
     NAGARIAN (or NAGA'S) - Also referred to as the 'Reptoids',
'Reptons', 'Homo-saurus', 'Lizard-men', or the 'Large Nosed
Greys'.  They play a significant role in the legends of India and
Tibet where they are considered by some to be demoniacal in
nature.  They are described as being around 7 ft. tall and of
various colors, grotesque, but most often mouldy greenish with
scaled crocodilean 'skin'.  Allegedly descended from a branch of
bi-pedal sauroids which existed thousands of years ago on earth
and via mutation and natural selection developed the brain-body
coordination necessary to develop a technology.  Some species
still reportedly retain a visible 'tail' although much atrophied
from their supposedly 'extinct' saurian ancestors.  After an
alleged ancient battle with early hi-tech human societies they
were supposedly driven into underground networks or to off planet
bases (Draconian).
     OLIVERIAN - Humans of 'normal' size, yet who possess an
'olive' green skin color.  They claim to be from a subterranean
or cavernous realm beneath Europe which they refer to as 'St.
Martin's Land' (Evadamic).
     IGUANAS - Approximately 4-5 ft. tall, with 'Iguana-like'
appearance yet 'hominoid'.  They have sometimes been seen
wearing black, hooded 'monk' robes or cloaks which conceal much
of their saurian features, which include tails.  These have been
reported as being extremely dangerous and hateful towards humans,
and like all other branches of the 'serpent' race they utilize
black witchcraft, sorcery and other forms of mind control against
their human enemies (Draconian).
     UMMITES - Humans claiming to hail from the general area of
Wolf 424, some 14-plus light years distant from the Earth-Sol
system, and possibly having ancient ties with the 'Lyran'
colonies in that the Ummites (from the planet Ummo) are like the
Lyrans-Pleiadeans said to be 'Scandinavian' in appearance, and
therefore may tie-in with the so-called 'Nordic Blond' societies
(Evadamic).
     RETICULANS - Apparently a major center of 'saurian' activity
and possibly 'controlled' human slaves.  This is a region from
where a large percentage of the 'Grey-type' sauroids--such as
encountered by Betty and Barney Hill and other abductees--
emanate.  This binary or double-star system may be the center of
interstellar 'grey' activity.  Much of the implant-control
scenarios allegedly originated from the Reticulan Sauroids as
well as from apparently higher-ranking sauroid species in Bootes
and Draconis, as well as their subterranean counterparts beneath
the earth's surface (Draconian).
     SIRIANS - Apparently the home of humans of a rather
empirical nature (possibly under reptilian influence!?) who have
been tied-in with events on Terra for centuries, including
alliances with their counterpart 'serpent cults' or 'Illuminated'
secret societies on and beneath the earth.  Allegedly the source
of many of the human, parahuman, cybernated and/or chameleon 'Men
In Black' or MIB entities that have been encountered in
connection to UFO incidents (Evadamic-Draconian).
     LEVIATHANS - Or saurian 'sea serpents' such as the so-called
'Loch Ness Monster'.  Loch Ness has been the site of much occult
or paranormal activity including UFO activity, 'grey' sightings,
etc.  Aliester Crowlay, the satanist-Illuminist founder of the
O.T.O or Ordo Templi Orientis, claimed to be in contact with 'The
Beast' of the Loch.  He owned a mansion on the shores of the loch
and this same mansion later became the residence of the British
occultist Jimmy Page, who not only played with the British Rock
group Led Zeppelin but also owned a large bookstore dealing with
witchcraft and the occult.  Being aquatic in nature and having
lost the use of their limbs via atrophication-mutation, this
branch of the serpent race is allegedly used for long-range
'psychic' warfare and occult manipulation of the human race
(Draconian).
     MOON-EYES - A race of peaceable humans some 7-8 ft. tall,
with pale-blue skin and large 'wrap-around' eyes which are
extremely sensitive to light.  They MAY be the same as the large
humans allegedly encountered on the moon by our 'astronauts'
according to John Lear and others, who in turn were silenced and
not allowed to tell what they saw.  These people may, according
to some accounts, be allied to the 'Nordics' and/or 'Blondes'. 
They claim to be descendants of Noah who travelled to the Western
Hemisphere a few centuries after the deluge and discovered
ancient antediluvian cavern systems and technologies which had
been abandoned in the subterranean recesses.  They have been
encountered mostly in deep cavern-systems beneath the general
region of the Ozarks-Arkansas and surrounding regions (Evadamic).
     IKELS - Small hairy humanoids with cloven hoofs which
inhabit deep caverns beneath South America and elsewhere.  They
may be members of a fallen pre-Adamic race which possessed
angelic, animal AND humanoid characteristics.  Now allied with
the reptilians.  They have been known, according to natives, to
'kidnap' women and children down through the ages and many
stories are told of South American tribes who have battled these
creatures with machetes during certain of their forays to the
surface (Draconian).
     ANAKIM - (also referred to the 'Els', short for 'Elder Race'
or simply as the 'Giants').  Referred to in ancient Hebrew
tradition, this race is allegedly tied-in with ancient humans who
broke off from mainstream humanity because of their vast size
which had developed over the centuries, possibly as a result of a
genetic anomaly.  They are said to range anywhere from 9-11 and
in some cases even 12 ft. in height, although in configuration
are remarkably similar to 'International' humans.  They have
allegedly been encountered in deep and extensive cavern systems
from Alaska to Mexico, and are believed to have interstellar
travelling capabilities (Evadamic).
     GREYS - Small neo-sauroid race, very prolific and
intelligent.  May be the 'brains' or 'intellect' of the serpent
race, whereas the larger 'Reptoids' allegedly act as the PHYSICAL
overlords and thus are of a higher 'ranking' than the Greys.  The
Greys are reportedly very predatory and insensitive to humans,
and like other reptilian entities they allegedly 'feed' off of
human fluids by rubbing the 'protein formula' on their bodies,
which is then absorbed into the skin, and like snakes the 'waste'
is excreted back through the skin.  The Greys range from 3 1/2 to
4 1/2 ft. tall on the average, with skin colors ranging from
grayish white to grayish blue to grayish green.  Aside from
feeding off of human proteins and fluids, they also allegedly
feed off the 'life energy', 'vital essence' or 'soul energy' of
human as do other reptilian species.  This is why those humans
seen working with the Greys (implanted drones, whether willingly
or unwillingly) have appeared 'lifeless' and emotionless to the
witnesses who observed them.  The Greys are allegedly EXTREMELY
deceitful and although they act on 'logic', to them it is
'logical' to use extremely complex forms of deception to bring
about their goals.  They are the most commonly observed 'alien'
entity during UFO encounters (Draconian).
     HYBRIDS - Since human and reptilian beings are allegedly so
different in their physical make-up a natural 'hybrid' between
the two is impossible.  However and unnatural GENETIC alteration
in essence 'splicing' human and reptilian genes has allegedly
been attempted.  Even if this were accomplished the offspring
would not be an actual 'hybrid' (half human, half reptilian) but
would fall to one side or the other.  Since reptilians possess no
soul-matrix as do humans but instead operate on a 'collective
consciousness' level, the 'hybrid' would be human or reptilian
depending on whether they/it was born with or without a soul-
energy-matrix.  In most cases one might tell the difference if
the entity had round-pupils as opposed to black opaque or
vertical-slit pupiled eyes; or five-digit fingers as opposed to
three or four; or external genitalia as opposed to none.  If two
out of three fit the 'human' configuration chances are they would
possess a soul-matrix, although this might now 'always' be the
case, if such entities as the 'Chameleons' exist for instance
(Evadamic-Draconian).
     HU-BRID - 'Hybrids' through genetic manipulation who possess
a human soul-matrix.  See above (Evadamic).
     RE-BRID - 'Hybrids' possessing no soul-matrix.  Some of
these MAY possess human-like genetic coding yet no 'soul' while
others may be an apparent 'hybrid' of two or more reptilian
species.  It must be understood that the Reptilians are far more
adaptable or 'mutable' than are humans, physically.  This would
mean that we should expect a much greater rate of physical
diversity between the reptilian species than between the various
human species.  Such mutations would not have to take place over
millions of years, but through eons or centuries, especially when
one considers the possibility that controlled natural selection,
mutation, genetic manipulation, and even occult-supernatural
intervention may have been responsible for accelerating this
process (Draconian).
     DRACONS - Largely subterranean, pterodactyloid-like
hominoids with bat-like wings.  Sometimes describes as possessing
'horns' and thus are considered very similar to the traditional
depiction of the 'devil', according to certain individuals who
have encountered them.  Very intelligent and extremely malignant.
Sometimes referred to as 'Mothmen', although that title might be
a little misleading (Draconian).
     DWARFIN - Diminutive humans who have allegedly been
encountered in or near caverns in various parts of the world, and
in some cases on UFO's, although most 'dwarf' sightings in
connection to UFO's are actually sightings of the saurian
'greys'.  These should not be confused with the small
'elementals' or 'nature spirits' which some believe are etheric
in nature yet have the ability to appear in solid or semi-solid
form as times.  Some of these were apparently involved in the
original 'rebellion' of the angelics against the Creator after
being deceived and misled by the former archangel turned
egocentric tyrant, Lucifer.  Others of the 'elementals' may have
escaped this 'fall'.  The Dwarfin or Dwarf races are allegedly
just as human as surface peoples but average between to 3 to 4
ft. in height, although at times they have been seen as small as
two feet.  As with the 'giants' or 'Els' this may have resulted
in a genetic anomaly which ran it's course due to the separation
of their race(s) from the International 'gene pool'.  They
allegedly live in subterranean systems to a large extent as a
'protective' measure.  And as we've said some allegedly possess
'aerial disk' technology and some might even have attempted
interplanetary or interstellar travel (Evadamic).
     SYNTHETICS - Of several different types and varieties. 
Although reptilians AND humans apparently utilize 'artificial
intelligence' devices or organisms (technology itself being
amoral, neither good nor evil), the Draconians as well as some
'controlled' humans have apparently developed bio-synthetic or
mechanical 'entities' as EXTENSIONS of their activities.  This is
especially true with the bio-synthetic cybernetic creatures which
the 'reptilians' have allegedly 'created' via organs stolen from
animal and human mutilation victims.  The synthetics are of many
types, some of which are very 'human-like' and which may be used
as 'infiltrators'.  Others apparently look more like the 'Grey'
entities, created 'after their own image' so to speak, yet are
not reptilian but instead a type of 'molded' entity form
containing a 'sponge-like' substance which permeates the
interior.  They may be the worst of all, as they are apparently
bio-genetic 'forms' which are able to be inhabited-possessed by
the 'Infernals' or fallen supernaturals as 'containers' enabling
them to operate in the physical realm, possibly to the extent of
performing mutilations, etc., without the help of their reptilian
allies (Draconian).
     EVA-BORGS - Cybernetic forms controlled by 'human' entities.

OR humans who have been implanted or surgically altered to such
an extent that they have become cybernetic in nature, yet still
retaining a soul-matrix (Evadamic).
     DRACO-BORGS - Cybernetic forms controlled by reptilian
entities.  These would also include those forms which are
animated by fallen supernatural or paraphysical entities, whether
of 'gray,' 'human-like', 'mechanical' or other configuration. 
There are some who suggest that human-appearing 'infiltrators' of
this type may exist in our society, and that certain
characteristics might give them away--i.e. the eyes, a slightly
sulfurous smell, unrefined features such as no fingerprints or
ears or other 'body' parts which seem to have a slight
'artificial' appearance (Draconian).
     MIB'S - Also referred to as the 'Men In Black' or
'Horlocks'.  These are apparently in many cases humans who are
controlled by draconian influences, although other 'MIB' have
been encountered which do not seem human, but more reptilian OR
synthetic.  The 'MIB' have been encountered often after UFO
sightings, usually intimidating witnesses into keeping silent
about what they've seen (many of the witnesses may be
'abductees' with suppressed memories of the event).  Their
'threats' appear to be motivated by attempts to utilize
'terrorism', 'fear' or 'intimidation' as a psychological weapon
against witnesses.  This 'weapon' may not only be used to keep
the human 'MIB' under control, but by the human MIB themselves. 
'They' are often though not always seen in connection with large,
black automobiles, some of which have been seen disappearing into
mountains, canyons or tunnels or in some cases apparently appear
out of or disappear (cloak?) into thin air.  Most human MIB have
probably been implanted by the Draconians and are essentially
their 'slaves'.  Bio-synthetic 'infernals' also seem to play a
part in the MIB scenario, as do subterranean and exterran
societies.  Sirius, at only 9+ light years away, has been
identified as a major exterran MIB center of activity, with a
subterran counterpart existing in ancient antediluvian
'Atlantean' underground complexes which have been 're-
established' beneath the Eastern U.S. seaboard
(Draconian-Evadamic).
     DRAGONWORMS - These creatures are largely subterranean and
have been reported on very rare occasions.  Although a mutation
of the serpent race which lost the use of it's limbs through
centuries of atrophication, it is nevertheless apparently a part
of the reptilian 'conspiracy'.  The 'Dragonworms' are allegedly
very intelligent, according so certain sources.  'They' have
sometimes been described as appearing similar to a giant 'worm'
or 'slug' (Draconian).
     AGHARIANS - (or Aghartians).  A group of Asiatic or oriental
humans who, sources claim, discovered caverns and abandoned
antediluvian 'cities' which had been taken over by reptilian
entities.  Several hundred or thousand years ago an Asian prince
allegedly led several militant followers into the caves and came
in conflict with the saurian-reptoid inhabitants of an ancient
subterranean city or network known as 'Agharta' or 'Agharti', and
after a considerable conflict the reptilian forces were driven
out.  There are indications that since that time the Reptilians
have attempted an occult-retakeover of Agharta and some (not all)
of the inhabitants may have succumbed to these occult
manipulations.  This may explain why a small percentage of the
'MIB' encounters involve oriental-like humans, perhaps members of
a small renegade or 'off-shoot' group of Aghartians.  Such
'renegade' elements may also exist in the Telosian empire and of
course within the United Stated itself.  There also seems to be a
loose secret alliance between Aghartian, Telosian and American
officials according to some sources.  In all three groups there
seems to be a visible government which seeks to establish and may
have in part inspired Constitutional-like liberties, as well as a
secret renegade 'secret', 'Illuminated' or 'fifth column'
international or interspherial government which seeks to
undermine the traditional values and liberties of all three
civilizations.  The Agharian 'space fleet' is allegedly known as
the 'silver fleet' (Evadamic). 
     BURROWERS - Another mutation of the saurian-serpent race
capable of burrowing through the earth.  Possibly quadrupedal as
well as be-pedal, these have been known to use their 'boring'
abilities to create artificial tunnels or 'cave-ins' (the latter
has allegedly been used in attempts to entrap or kill
unsuspecting intruders into the underground domains).  These may
possess a highly-developed 'sensing' system (Draconian).
     CETIANS - (or Tau Cetians).  A human race of 'Mediterranean'
or 'South American' appearing, tan-skinned humans.  Very similar
to caucasian humans on Terra except for SLIGHT differences
(slightly pointed ears, higher physical 'density' for their size,
slightly broader nose, 5' 5" tall on average, and often wear
short 'Roman' or 'crew' style haircuts).  Tau Ceti and Epsilon
Eridani are said to be a major 'convergence' of exterran 'human'
activity, and are alleged to be in alliance with the Pleiadeans
(who in turn, according to contactees, have 'Federation'
alliances with the Vegans and the Ummites, etc.).  The Cetians
allegedly work with the Pleiadeans and 'other' societies who have
been 'victimized' by the 'Grey' predators (Evadamic).
     ERIDANIANS - see 'Cetians' (Evadamic).
     SASQUAN - Large, hairy 'humanoids' who are usually
troglodytial or cavern-dwellers, although they have been known to
forage through mountainous or wooded areas on the surface in
search for roots, berries, grasses and nuts which make up their
diet.  They are believed to possess a heightened 'sensing'
ability which allows them to steer clear of 'human' influence. 
They are more human than animal according to some reports
although they have often been mistaken for animals, which has
forced them to take up a largely subterrain lifestyle.  They have
often been described as having a human face on an 'apes' body. 
They are mostly strict vegetarians, which may be explained by the
possibility that they MIGHT be a 'hybrid' or 'hubrid' between
antediluvian humans and sapians.  Such interbreeding, if possible
back then, is certainly not possible in modern times due to
increasingly divergent genetic strains between the two groups. 
Most Sasquatch may possess a human soul-matrix.  They are usually
described as being 7-8 ft. tall, while other branches may be
smaller.  'Hairy humanoids', both large and smaller, have on some
occasions been observed in connection with UFO encounters,
or subterranean encounters.  Sasquatch have been known to attack
humans ONLY in self defense (sometimes throwing large boulders to
frighten intruders away).  There have also been 'hairy hominoids'
which possessed either 'robot-like' or 'amphibian'
characteristics, suggesting bio-genetic manipulation to create
'biological machines' or 'cyborgs'.  There is a possibility that
other entities, possibly more animal than human, are the result
of humanoid-Sasquatch and nonhuman-Sapien interbreeding, in which
case the offspring might be human OR beast in nature, but this is
mere speculation.  Another type of 'hairy humanoid' is allegedly
the result of genetic manipulation, and have been reported in
underground bases in northwestern New Mexico and in Southern
Nevada (Evadamic).
     SERPENTS - These are literally 'giant snakes' which have
been encountered in various underground regions.  They are often
apparently used by the Draconians as 'sentries' to guard
subterranean tunnels or 'treasure' repositories.  They have been
known to easily crush a human being or other objects with their
teeth or their bodies (Draconian),
     ULTERRAN - (or Ultraterrestrial).  These are allegedly
people who have been encountered at times entering or leaving an
'alternate' or 'parallel' existence, yet still operating within
the one 'reality'.  It is very unlikely that more than one
'physical reality' like ours exists, but there is a theoretical
possibility the one other CO-EXISTENT 'world' might exist on the
opposite end or polarity of the electromagnetic barrier (or EM
spectrum - which in itself is inhabited by various types of
warring spiritual or angelic entities according to many
theologies).  Many human and/or neosauroid inhabitants of this
'alternate' world if it exists originally came from our own
'world' (possibly entering the 'opposite' reality by changing the
molecular polarity of their bodies 'molectrical' field, a
phenomena which may have taken place during a 'Philadelphia
Experiment', or by entering a 'vortex' or 'window' area!?).  This
would not be a so-called 'alternate timeline' as some science
fiction stories interestingly [though unfeasibly] describe it,
although the time-flow in such a 'world' may be different from
our own.  It would be more of an invisible (to us) EXTENSION of
our own reality.  This would explain various phenomena such as
animals, objects, people and entire vessels which have seemingly
fallen into or out of our 'world'.  It may also be possible that
certain objects in our 'world' would be invisible in the 'other'
realm or dimension (or rather the opposite polarity of our
reality!?) and visa versa.  For instance, one airplane pilot who
had become temporarily caught up in an EM-vortex in the 'Bermuda
Triangle' SAW an island which was deserted, while the very same
island was inhabited in the world he was familiar with.  This
would also explain the many accounts of people who claim to have
seen or stopped at houses, cafes, etc., along remote stretches of
road, only to return the same way and find no such place
'exists'.  Since both dimensions may 'flow-in' to each other,
being part of the same electromagnetic reality (matter as opposed
to antimatter?), such temporary displacement of objects and/or
people from either of the two 'worlds' might occur.  This would
not be a case where one supposedly has an alternate 'self'
inhabiting the alternate reality, but more a case of another
'opposite' dimension which was inhabited intentionally or
unintentionally over a long period of time by humans and animals
which were somehow transported there.  This would also explain
the case of Joseph Vorin, who suddenly appeared as 'out-of-
nowhere' near Frankfurt-am-Oder, Germany in 1850, spoke a broken
and ancient para-Germanic dialect which the authorities could
just barely understand, and claimed to be from the nation of
Laxaria in Sakria (no known country by those names exists - in
'our' world).  When he suddenly appeared he seemed disoriented
and dumbfounded, as if he had suddenly fallen out of 'another'
world (Evadamic-Draconian).
     ATLANS - These are humans, usually described as being
benevolent by comparison to other groups, who are said to inhabit
vast and complex cavern-cities beneath southern Brazil and
surrounding regions.  The term 'Atlantean' or 'Atlan' in
reference to these races has been placed upon them because of the
fact that these cavern networks along the east coast of Brazil
were allegedly once part of the antediluvian 'Atlantean' empire. 
The present inhabitants have no direct GENETIC relation to the
ancient 'Atlantean' society which allegedly controlled these
cavern systems several millennia ago, but are referred to as
'Atlanteans' simply because they are descendants of those who re-
discovered and inhabited the ancient Atlan installations.  As in
North America and other continents, both normal and gnome-like
humans have been encountered here, some of which possessed
advanced aerial or 'disk' technology.  The Telosians claim to
have some connections with South America, especially the Matto
Grosso region (Evadamic). 
     ANTARCTICAN - This is allegedly a secret area of operations
for both human and reptilian beings.  It is said by some that
Aryan-Nazi scientists actually developed disk-shaped aircraft
capable of very advanced aerial performance, and that swastika's
have been seem on a few aerial disks.  They may be piloted by a
'pure-bred' blond, blue-eyed Aryan race.  There appears to be
more than one 'Blond' human society involved in the UFO
scenarios, and especially subterranean human societies may have
developed blond hair due to lack of sunlight.  There does not
seem to be anything more than a peripheral connection between the
Antarcticans, the Telosian and the Pleiadean 'blonds' (i.e. we
will refer to the Antarcticans as the 'Aryans'; the Telosians as
the 'Blonds'; and the Pleiadeans as the 'Nordics' in other files
to discourage confusion).  It should be remembered that Germany
plays a central role in world history in that it was not only the
nation which gave birth to the Bavarian Illuminati under
Weishaupt, but of the opposing Protestant movement which the
Illuminati sought to destroy as well.  The Antarcticans may
consist largely of 'batch consigned' pure-bred blue-eyed, blond
Aryans who became victims of Hitler's obsession to create a super
race, and as suggested by Harbinson and others most of these may
be controlled through mind manipulation and implants, being
'human drones' who are used to keep this hidden society
functioning (Evadamic-Draconian).
     TEROS - A term describing various human groups who inhabit
the cavern systems and re-established antediluvian cities beneath
the North American continent.  Many of these may be descended
from early American colonists, while others are apparently
descended from older civilizations such as ancient native
Americans who went underground hundreds and/or thousands of years
ago.  They also refer to the 'dero', which apparently consist of
draconian elements (Evadamic).
     MARTIAN - Inhabitants of the planet Mars, both human and
non-human, including the alleged inhabitants of the two Martian
'moons' (which many believe to be artificially-hollowed
asteroids, although it is uncertain whether these are controlled
by the Evadamics or Draconians).  It has also been suggested that
thousands of years ago the surface of LUNA and MARS were much
more 'habitable', that the surfaces of these bodies may have been
decimated after passing through the astroid belt or an 'astroid
storm' (consisting of debris which 'may' have been torn from a
planet which apparently existed between Mars and Jupiter at one
time - possibly destroyed by a close encounter with another
planetary body in the tradition of Velikovsky's theories).  It is
believed that ancient 'ruins', possibly thousands of years old,
have been seen on both 'planets' and that these attest to such a
cataclysm (Evadamic-Draconian).
     JANOSIAN - This is allegedly a planet on which human beings
live or once lived.  They apparently arrived on that planet some
thousands of years ago according to certain 'contactees', and up
until 'relatively' recent times still retained dim memories and
legends of earth, which they were apparently associated with long
before their colonization of the planet 'Janos'.  They are said
to be like Terrans, although somewhat oriental and slender by
comparison.  A group of refugees allegedly left Janos centuries
ago in a huge carrier vessel of roughly donut-shaped
configuration after an asteroid or meteor shower devastated the
surface of their planet, causing a chain-reaction in their
nuclear power grid, loosing deadly radiation into the atmosphere
and unto the underground tunnels and 'cities' which they had
built beneath Janos.  They apparently remembered the star-route
back to earth, and last reports stated they were in a high orbit
somewhere 'near' the earth and are seeking contact with earth
governments to exchange technology for a place to live on (or
below?) the earth, in the tradition of the TV series ALIEN
NATION.  In light of other revelations and lack of confirmation
from other 'contactees', this might be a 'staged' Draconian
propaganda operation; on the other hand the account MAY be
legitimate (Evadamic?).
     HAV-MUSUVS - (or MuSuvians) - Prominent in Paihute Indian
tradition, the Hav-Musuvs were allegedly a Egyptian or
Grecian-like sea-faring race who discovered huge caverns around 3
to 5 thousand years ago within, and later deep beneath the
Panamint Mts. of California.  Within these they allegedly
established vast underground cities.  When the inland sea (now
Death Valley) which connected the ocean in ancient times dried up
they had no way to carry on trade with other parts of the world. 
As a result of this, according to Paihute Indian tradition, they
began to build and fly 'silvery eagles' which became increasingly
advanced as time went on.  They then evidently established
interplanetary and later interstellar travel, exploration and
colonization.  It may be interesting to note that some
'contactees' claim that the forward time flow may be different in
other parts of the universe or other star-systems.  A thousand
years on earth may be equivalent to 10,000 years in another
system, possibly depending on how fast that system is moving
through space.  Thus may open up the possibility of massive
technological development on the part of an other-stellar colony
or civilization in a short period of 'Earth' time.  Time-
displacement often appears in UFO-related accounts.  There is
however no evidence for reverse 'time travel' other than possibly
'remote viewing' of past events through super-sensitive
telescopics from light-years away (Evadamic).
     ALPHA-DRACONIANS - Reptilian beings who are said to have
established colonies in Alpha Draconis.  Like all reptilians,
these claim to have originated on Terra thousands of years ago,
which fact they use to 'justify' their attempt to re-take the
earth for their own.  They are apparently a major part of a
planned 'invasion' which is eventually turning from covert
infiltration to over-invasion (Draconian).
     ALTAIRIANS - Alleged Reptilian inhabitants of the Altair
stellar system in the constellation Aquila (Draconian).
     ORIONS - Some claim that 'negative' entities have been
associated with some of the stars in the Orion constellation. 
Other sources claim that the Orion NEBULA is a cosmic 'doorway'
to 'infinity' or the realm of the Creator, which transcends the
time-space-matter universe and which in fact surrounds the
physical universe.  Some astronomers claim that a huge,
beautifully-illuminated multi-colored 'light' has emerged from
the nebula and is on an intercept-course with Earth, although at
a rather leisurely pace and at this rate the 'light' will reach
earth approximately 3000 A.D. (give or take a hundred years). 
Could this have something to do with the prophecy in Revelation
21?  Since the Draconians are attempting to conquer the
'heavens', they may have made futile attempts to enter the
'Eternity Gate' or to intercept the emerging 'Light' ('War In
Heaven' between Michael and the 'Dragon'? - see: Rev. ch. 12). 
This may explain the alleged presence of the Draconians in the
Orion constellation, although certain 'human' groups have
allegedly become curious of the 'Eternity Gate' as well
(Draconian-Evadamic).
     PHOENIANS - The 'Phoenix Empire' is allegedly a non-surface
society which may be partially connected with the Dulce subnet,
according to certain 'inside' sources.  It's uncertain whether
this is a human or a reptilian empire (Evadamic-Draconian?).
     GIZAN - (or Gizahn).  The 'Gizeh People' have been referred
to by the Pleiadians (Billy Meier contacts) as well as others. 
This 'may' have some connection with the strange 'people' and
technology allegedly encountered in deep labyrinthine recesses
beneath Egypt, who were sometimes reportedly seen by explorers,
and who are said to dress like 'ancient Egyptians'.  There is
allegedly, according to Leading Edge Research, a huge cavern deep
beneath Egypt which is inhabited by people with close ties with
the U.S. 'secret government'.  Some sources indicate that the
'Giza People' may be a 'controlled' society with the reptilians
being the dominant power, although this is not absolutely certain
(Evadamic-Draconian).
     AMPHIBIANS - Similar to the Sauroids or Reptoids, yet being
hominoid creatures with reptilian AND amphibian-like features
and are semi-aquatic in nature.  May have once lived on land,
but became more aquatic over the centuries.  'They' have been
encountered near swampy regions, rivers, etc., and have been
known to attack people without being provoked (Draconian).
     RAILOID - These are saurian 'grey' type entities which are
apparently somewhat taller than the usually-encountered greys yet
with extremely thin 'rail-like' torso and limbs yet very strong
(Draconian).
     BOOTEAN - Reptilians from the 'Bootes' system.  These, and
reptilian entities from the 'Draconis' system are allegedly
involved with the 'Dulce' scenario as well as the infiltration-
implantation-control of human society on earth in anticipation of
their planned takeover at some point in the future (Draconian).
     VEGAN - Relatively peaceful and gentle humans descended from
refugees from the 'Lyran Wars', who work closely with other
refugee-colonists now living in the Pleiades, Wolf 424, and
elsewhere (Evadamic).
     HYADEAN - The Hyades in the constellation Taurus, like the
Pleiades and Vega, are said to have been the destination of yet
another group of refugees from the ancient war with the saurians
in Lyra (Evadamic).
     BERNARIANS - Inhabitants of the 'Bernard's Star' system.
Although not much has been written about them, it seems that
human beings at least in part control this star system.  Whether
the Saurians have any influence or not is uncertain (Evadamic).  
     KORENDIAN - Humans allegedly living on a colonized planet
known as 'Korender'.  Perfectly 'human' in proportion yet 4-5 ft.
tall on the average.  Gabriel Green described alleged contacts
with this group in publications during the late 1950's - early
'60's.  The accounts published by Gabriel Green were rather
fantastic, although perhaps no less so than some other accounts. 
Many of the contactees who have allegedly encountered the
'Korendians'--such as John W. Dean who wrote a 'catalogue' of
life on other planets which contained reams of inaccurate
astronomical data, and Colin Boyd Cameron--have obviously been
the subjects of apparent 'propaganda' or 'disinformation'
operations.  This suggests that if the Korendians do exist they
MAY be a MIB-like society similar to the 'Lanolus' people or the
'MIB' society described by John A. Keel in some of his works
(Evadamic-Draconian?).
     GYPSY'S - Several sources refer to the gypsy's as
having some connection with the UFO mystery.  Other sources
suggest a connection with high-tech subsurface kingdoms such
as Agharti, etc.  The knowledge which the gypsy's allegedly
possess of an ancient war, UFO craft, and so on is supposedly a
carefully guarded secret among various gypsy tribes.  Some claim
to have traced the gypsy's back to ancient India or surrounding
regions (Evadamic).
     VENUSIAN - Allegedly inhabited by physical entities, both
human and reptilian, beneath the surface and therefore 'safe'
from the extreme surface conditions.  Also allegedly inhabited
(on the surface?) by human beings, possibly colonists from Terra-
Earth, who somehow were able to 'phase' or generate their
physical bodies' molecular structure into a '4th dimensional'
existence wherein they now allegedly survive unaffected by the
harsh 'physical' conditions (Evadamic-Draconian).
     
                        *       *       *

(INPUT 003)

The subject of 'hairy humanoids' is an uncertain one whereas
their intentions towards mainstream humanity is concerned. 
Indeed, some of the furry 'manimals' have been described as being
relatively benevolent if unprovoked, and have even been known to
take-in (usually into hidden cavern-dwellings) lost and injured
travelers.  One such explorer was the subject of affection from
one female Sasquatch during his stay in their subterranean abode,
where he saw signs of humanlike intelligence in the form of
wooden cages which had been built into one of the corners of the
large cavern, utensils somewhat similar to those found in ancient
archaeological sites, etc.
     Another couple described meeting with a 4 ft. tall hairy
humanoid female who seemed friendly enough yet who confided that
for humanity's 'own good' her people were planning to take over
the planet before man destroys it (likely excuse).  Such sentient
'manimal' like beings may in fact possess a human soul-matrix,
yet there seems to be yet another group of 'hairy humanoids' (and
like the Sasquatch they are apparently both large and smallish in
stature) who are far more malevolent and may not possess a living
soul-matrix at all, or if they do their soul-conscience has been
buried to the point that they engage in evil activities with
apparently little or no twinge of guilt.  These 'may' have
resulted in interbreeding between the Sasquatch and lesser ape or
sapien groups, and their offspring 'may' have reverted to
entirely animalistic characteristics yet retain high
intelligence.  These might be referred to as 'ani-men' since
their animal nature may have gained predominance at birth, and
are thus animals yet with high intelligence.  This group may also
include the insidious 'Satyrus' entities that have been seen
occasionally in connection to aerial or subsurface events.
     In his book, 'THERE ARE GIANTS IN THE EARTH' (Doubleday &
Co., Inc., Garden City, N.Y.  1974.  pp. 135-136), Michael
Grumley relates an ancient Hebrew tradition which suggests that
remnants of a race of 'giants', possibly 'hairy' giants, survived
the ancient deluge along with Noah and a menagerie of other
animals:
     "...in the Genesis story, there is an incident absent in the
King James version but present in various scattered references in
the Hebrew Midrash which concerns a giant named 'Og' who is said
to have ridden on the ark during the forty days and forty nights
of the downpour that caused Noah's flood.  In order to be
included in the ships company, so the story goes, it was agreed
that he would, once the ark reached dry land and the waters
receded, became a servant of Noah and ALL OFF his descendants. 
He (and presumably a female of his kind were) the only one(s) of
what was a widespread race of giants who perished, along with all
men [except] Noah and his three sons (and their wives - eight all
together - Branton), Shem, Ham and Japeth."
     As for the Sasquatch (or Yeti, Bigfoot or Abominable
Snowman, etc.) itself, in most cases they are described as being
peaceable except when provoked, although such cases are rare.  
     One such case of retaliation by the Sasquatch in response to
harm, injury or murder(?) committed against their tribes by
"humans" was referred to in Michael Grumley's book, 'THERE ARE
GIANTS IN THE EARTH'.  Several years ago, according to Grumley,
five prospectors near Mt. Saint Helens in Washington State were
the recipients of Sasquatchean vengeance... "The men involved
told of a band of man-apes heaving boulders onto the roof of
their cabin and hurling themselves, screaming in fury, at the
door.  They were assumed to be retaliating for the potshots one
of the miners had earlier taken at two of the "animals" (or
"manimals"? - Branton) in the woods; lawmen and reporters who
subsequently visited the cabin found it badly damaged, and the
ground around it covered with hundreds of enormous footprints. 
The area is now called Ape Canyon, and ever since 1924 it has
been a prime area for both sightings and prints...
     "The problem of Bigfoot observation is complicated by the
fact that when a man watches an animal (of which the Sasquatch
are apparently 'partially' composed, and therefore probably
possess the heightened awareness and sensitivity to their
surroundings which the animals possess - Branton), the animal
generally knows it, and man-observed traits can never be called
perfectly natural ones.  The behavior pattern is always colored
by the need to fade back into the bush, on the road, or at the
edge of a lake or stream, big feet at one point invariably beat a
hasty or lethargic retreat...
     "Nevertheless, observations have been made, and certain
habits through the years cataloged, and from these emerges a
rather makeshift list of what (the) eight-foot anthropoid has
been seen doing or eating during the last fifty years.  The first
observations deal primarily with diet."
     One Sasquatch "troupe", according to Grumley, "was observed
most assiduously when it was eating; it partook of a menu of
seeds, nuts, sweet roots, and grasses--never once did their lips
touch meat--and brought into the camp large quantities of juniper
and hemlock branches."
     He adds that: "...In 1933 a man named Cartwright, along with
a rock-hound friend, was enjoying his picnic lunch near the head
of Pitt Lake in British Columbia, at an altitude of fifteen
thousand feet.  Also lurking, a quarter mile or so below the two
men, was an animal with a 'HUMAN FACE ON A FUR-CLAD BODY,'
feeding languidly on berries.  The men, after discovering the
large 'animal' through their binoculars, continued watching until
it finished its meal and strode out of sight.  Carefully, they
descended the rocky slope to where it had been standing and
discovered its tracks in the earth, tracks they later reported as
being quite distinct, and not at all bearish."
     Another 'type' of hairy humanoid is believed by some to be
the result of modern experimentation in bio-genetic engineering. 
According to researcher Jason Bishop, witnesses who have
formerly worked in the top secret underground biogenetics lab
beneath the Archuleta mesa near Dulce, New Mexico, have allegedly
seen these small humanoids.  They have been described as being 3
to 4 ft. tall, hairy yet of human-like form, and not very
intelligent.  These poor creatures have been heard, by workers
there, crying often as an small infant would.  Also, other
witnesses claim to have observed the humanoid products of such
experiments within the underground biogenetics labs below the
Nevada Military Complex as well.
     Charles Berlitz, in his book 'WORLD OF STRANGE PHENOMENA'
(Fawcett Crest Publishers., New York., N.Y.  1988), a rather
occultically-oriented book containing much superstitious
information of 'metaphysical' origin, nevertheless describes some
physical accounts which can be more easily documented.  One of
the 'relatively' reliable accounts he gives concerns incidents
which were related by the Tzeltal Indians of Central America. 
These 'Indians' claim to have encountered deep in the jungles a
race of short, 3-foot-or-so tall beings who are said to live
underground in caverns "just like bats" do.  These creatures were
said to be humanoid, covered with hair from head to toe, and
would often kidnap and rape (suggesting they were at least
partially human) the native women, who would give birth to
dark-skinned children who were (apparently along with the women)
made to remain in the underground caverns.  The natives referred
to these beings as the "ikels" and "wendis", which seem to be
identical in description to the "hairy dwarfs" which are,
according to John Lear and others, one of the four most commonly
reported UFO occupants.  The 'Greys' are of course the most
commonly seen in America, as they are a neosaurian or reptilian
race which has reproduce itself extensively beyond and below the
earth.  The second most commonly observed entity according to
Lear is the 'Nordics-Blonds' (humans), and then the 3rd being the
tall, seven-foot apparent humans with large eyes which seem to
wrap around their heads more than most humans (even though these
should not be confused with the tall Grey-type entities described
by Whitley Strieber which also allegedly possess large
'wraparound' eyes, although opaque black and non-human), and THEN
the short, hairy man-animal creatures which are the 4th
most commonly observed in America.
      If we are to believe the interpretation of the Tzeltal
Indian accounts given by researcher Jacques Vallee, the 'IKALS'
may not be hairy 'humanoids' but rather hairy 'demonoid' beings. 
In his volume, 'PASSPORT TO MAGONIA' (Henry Regency Co., Chicago,
Ill.  1969.  pp.61-62), Vallee states:
     "...Let us follow the (reports of the) 'strong beings'
across the world now, to Mexico, where the American
anthropologist, Brian Stross, from Berkeley, reports that the
Tzeltal Indians have strange legends of their own.  One night,
Stross and his Indian assistant discussed these legends, of the
IHK'ALS or IKALS, the little black beings, after seeing a strange
light wandering about in the Mexican sky.
     "The IKALS are three-foot tall, hairy, black humanoids whom
natives encounter frequently, and Stross learned:
     "'About twenty years ago, or less, there were many sightings
of this creature or creatures, and several people tried to fight
it with machetes.  One man also saw a sphere following him from
about five feet.  After many attempts he finally hit it with his
machete and it disintegrated, leaving only an ash-like
substance.'
     "The beings were observed in ancient times.  They fly, they
attack people, and, in the modern reports, they carry a kind of
rocket on their backs and kidnap Indians.  Occasionally, Stross
was told, people have been 'paralyzed' when they came upon the
IKELS, who are said to live in caves, which the natives are
careful to not enter.
     "Gordon Creighton, a staff member of the 'FLYING SAUCER
REVIEW' and a former linguistic expert with the British foreign
service, had occasion to study Indian folklore during several
visits to Latin America.  Commenting upon Stross's report,
Creighton pointed out that words such as IK or IKAL were found in
all the dialects of the Maya-Soke linguistic group:
     "'The Tzeltal words IHK and IHK'AL (the adjective form)
simply means black being or "black."...In the Maya language, we
find that IK means air or wind, and IKAL means a spirit, while EK
means black.  The Kekehi Maya, in the Alta Vera Paz region of
Guatemala, talk of the KEK.  The KEK (meaning BLACK in the Kekchi
dialect of Maya) is said to be a centaur-like being that guards
his patron's house at night, and frightens people at dusk. 
Black, ugly, hairy, he is half-human, with human hands but the
hooves of a horse.'
     "...the Mexican legends show, quite conclusively, that many,
perhaps every, region of the world has its own traditions about
such creatures and associates them very definitely with the idea
of AERIAL, OR EVEN COSMIC ORIGIN."
     This description of a half-'humanoid', half cloven-hooved
creature which is apparently a cross between the legendary
Centaurs (upper torso of a 'man' and lower torso of a 'horse')
and Satyrus (upper torso of a man and lower body similar to that
of a cloven-hooved goat), would not be the same as the 'hairy
humanoids' which we have described earlier and which have been
encountered during UFO sightings as well as subsurface events. 
One should not get the two confused.  
     Although only a couple references to 'satyrs' exist in the
Bible (Isaiah 13:21 & 34:14), we can through other scriptorial
references as well as historical and traditional references gain
a general idea of what these infernal creatures are.
     Many of the modern-day as well as ancient references to
these creatures seem to indicate that they possess supernatural
powers, and in fact are partially angelic in nature (or, in
modern times, fallen angelic or demoniacal in nature).  This type
of creature has traditionally been associated with the false god
'Pan', or with the GOAT OF MENDEZ, both satyr-like creatures
which were identified with the fallen Lucifer or Satan.  In fact,
the description of this fallen arch-angel as given by Ezekiel in
chapter 28 just might be a reference to a satyr-like creature,
opening up the possibility that Satan 'may' have been one
himself.
     Unlike most 'demonic' entities or infernal beings the
satyrs or 'Jersey Devils', centaurs and minotaurs (if they
actually exist as described) and other paraphysical creatures
were apparently at least partially physical in nature, left
tracks in the ground, etc.  If such creatures do exist then we
can rule out the possibility of it being descended from the
Evadamic-Humanoid or even the Draconian-Saurioid seed.  The only
other possibility then is that it was part of an ancient
para-angelic hierarchy which 'fell' long before humans and
animals were formed.  The references mentioned earlier indicate
that traditionally the IKELS are demonoid, cloven-hooved
creatures which are quasi-physical (and perhaps capable of
manifesting in physical and non-physical forms) and were
identified with 'spirits' of 'cosmic' origin.  In ancient times
these creatures were identified as being 'immortal' as opposed to
human 'mortals', and were sometimes worshipped by ancient demon
cults.  Being part of the fallen angelic creation, they would
possibly be 'immortal' in a sense, although as we've said they
seemed to have characteristics which are somewhat 'similar' to
humans and animals as well.  In fact, ancient Hebrew scripture
and well as the more modern Greek New Testament (see: Revelation
chapter 4 as well as various chapters in Ezekiel) describe orders
of the angelic creation which were of animal or beast form.  One
might conclude that such types may have taken part in the ancient
rebellion.  Also, Revelation chapter 9 describes a race of
physical yet at the same time infernal beings, tangible enough to
cause physical harm to human beings, as dwelling in a horrifying
'bottomless pit' in the interior of the earth.  What is
remarkable however is that these creatures were described as
having faces 'as the faces of men' and the shape of their lower
bodies were '...like unto horses prepared unto battle.'  They are
said to have an insidious ruler: '...they had a king over them,
which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the
Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but the Greek tongue hath his name
Apollyon' (Rev. chapter 9).  Is it possible that the IKELS and
related creatures are tied-in with this fallen or demoniacal race
which pre-dates Adamic man by untold thousands or millions of
years?  The possibility that a partly-angelic race existed in
ancient times has been proposed by certain theologians.  One such
scholar was Roy A. Bettcher, a Nazarene minister who in his work
'EXPOSITIONS OF REVELATION', page 98, gives some interesting
comments concerning the creatures from the nether realms as they
are described in Revelation chapter 9:
     "...We referred in the introduction to the demons who we
have many reasons to believe were a pre-Adamic race of beings,
who in some way became involved in the original rebellion and
fall of Satan, and for whose rebellion the earth became 'without
form and void.'  Many of then were condemned to roam about in a
disembodied state under the dominion of Satan."
     Whether such creatures, if they existed, were subject to
physical 'death' as we know it, were able to reproduce after
their kind, or because of their original angelic nature are more-
or-less physically 'immortal', and how all this ties-in with the
possible existence of the 'IKELS' or 'WENDIS' we will not even
begin to speculate on, for until further revelation or
discoveries concerning this aspect of the 'Mystery of Iniquity'
are forthcoming, such speculation may prove uncertain.
     We might add, however, that there is an Arab word,
'KHANASA', which is descriptive of a creature with the following
characteristics: hairy-shaggy, sapian or satyrus, demon or devil,
etc.  Could this Arabic word have some connection with the
subject at hand as well?
     One other thing which may be helpful in exposing these
creatures for what they are is the original Hebrew meaning of
SATYR as it appears in the holy writings.  This word is "SA'IR",
which literally means: "Shaggy, as noun, a he-goat; by anal. a
fawn:-devil, goat, hairy, kid, rough, satyr." (see: 'STRONGS
COMPREHENSIVE CONCORDANCE OF THE BIBLE').  This would seem to
confirm at least some of the conclusions which were just given.
     We might add however, that there have been rare accounts,
however unsubstantiated they may be, which allege of 'witches'
who have been raped and violated by demonic beings, and
subsequently given birth to 'children' with cloven-hooved feet
and horns, which may suggest that 'satyrs' and 'incubus' are one
and the same.  The effects of these ALLEGED incidents were often
horrifying, and in most cases these soulless(?) creatures, these
infernal offspring were either killed by the 'mother' or someone
else, or died while still very young.  One case alleged that
after the creature died the house in which it was 'born' was
subject to extremely heavy poltergeist-like activity.  In most
cases angels and demons are not known to possess reproductive
organs, being fully spirit essences, yet if a pre-Adamic race did
inhabit the earth in very ancient times as Paster Roy Bettcher
and others have suggested - creatures that were part angelic,
part humanoid although without a 'soul', and part beast, - then
something like this 'might' unfortunately be conceivable.
     Getting back to the more benevolent hairy 'humanoids' such
as the Sasquatch, we now quote from Brad Steiger's book (co-
authored with Joan Whritenour), 'FLYING SAUCERS ARE HOSTILE'
(Award Books., New York, N.Y.  1967).  On pp. 145-147 Steiger and
Whritenour state:
     "...There have been many reports of hairy, ape-like
creatures being sighted near ground UFO's.  Most of these
creatures have been seen gathering samples of soil, plants,
rocks, or small animals...
     "Certain investigators have begun to look with fresh vision
upon the reports of Yeti, Sasquatch and other types of
'abominable snowmen' which have been sighted in such widely
divergent locales as the Himalayas, Oregon, California, Florida,
and the western provinces of Canada (Note: In reference to
western Canada, this is the region from where one report emerged
in the mid-1970's describing a cavern which had been explored
that led into a deep underground system.  The explorers
discovered large 'bigfoot' type footprints along an underground
river, but the entrance to the cave was hardly large enough to
allow one of the large 8-ft. 'Manimals' inside, which suggests
that the cavern system was very extensive and possibly contained
other distant entrances - Branton).  Folklore and legend abound
with references to visitations by these strange creatures.  The
American Indians tell of the 'hairy ones,' as do the people of
the ancient Far Fastern countries...
     "A number of reported 'Abominable Snowmen' have found
their way into Florida newspapers within the past few months
(circa 1967 - Branton).  Sightings have been occurring in certain
areas of the state for several years, and residents of the more
remote areas of Florida have begun to grow somewhat accustomed to
the seemingly friendly but always frightening gorilla-like
creatures.
     "In the fall of 1984 in the Brooksville area of Florida,
Joan Whritenour (later to become Joan O'Connell - Branton)
personally investigated a report of a large, Hairy creature that
had been sighted repeatedly in the vicinity of the UFO landing
witnessed by John Reeves."
     In one case a 'small hairy humanoid' involved with a UFO
encounter was struck by a witness after it apparently attempted
to abduct him, and the creature gave off a resounding metallic
'ring', suggesting that it 'might' have been robotical in nature.
But most "hairy hominoids" have been described as either humanoid
or demonoid in configuration.  Although both humanoid (Sasquatch)
and demonoid (Satyrus) entities have been described as possessing
hairy forms, there have also been apparently rare sightings of
amphibioid or reptilioid entities which have been similarly
described.  The following creature, described by Jacques Vallee
in his book 'ANATOMY OF PHENOMENA' (Henry Regency Co.,  Chicago,
Ill.  p. 143), may be one of the more elusive--possibly
biogenetically altered--branches of the demonoid-reptilian-
amphibian or 'serpent' race (which some consider part of the
demoniacal hierarchy) when we realized that it possessed  'slit-
like' reptilian eyes and was encountered deep underground.  As
Vallee describes in his book:
     "...UFO crudites will reserve in their classification a
place for the 'hairy dwarfs' which were described in France on
six occasions.  These are stories built on little ground, whereas
the two categories seen previously (i.e. categories of UFO
occupants seen: 'small pilots one meter or 1.20 meters tall and
pilots of human height'; and/or 'pilots wearing "divers suits"
and pilots wearing ordinary clothes, with the face visible,'
apparently two different perspectives of both the small 'grey'
sauroidial entities and the larger human-like entities - Branton)
can be reasonably substantiated.  The best description of a
'hairy dwarf,' cited here only for its picturesque character, was
made by Starovski of Erchin.  It is frightfully specific.  The
witness, a miner, was allegedly confronted with a midget, three
feet, six inches tall, with a large head, wearing a brown skull-
cap forming a fillet a few inches or so above the eyes.  THESE
WERE PROTRUDING, WITH A VERY SMALL IRIS, AND WERE SLIT.  Long
hair fell down from under the skullcap onto the shoulders.  The
nose was flat, and the lips thick and red.  A strange detail: the
witness did not describe any UFO.  But his story happens to be
typical of a small category of reports, in which similar
'entities' are described close to their 'machines'."
     In his book, 'UFO'S: WHERE DO THEY COME FROM' (MacDonald &
Co., Pub., London, England.  1984), author Peter Brookesmith
describes the account of John Stuart and Barbara Turner, two New
Zealand UFO researchers who became deeply involved in the subject
until 1954 when they allegedly had a visitation from a foul,
demonoid creature they described as a 'hideous' 8-foot (2.4
metre) creature "WITH A FURRY BODY AND WEBBED FEET".  The beast
'manifested' at one of their meetings, and warned them in a very
threatening manner to discontinue their research.  They refused
the advice of the phantasm, after which they experienced even
more horrifying encounters from grotesque creatures, some of
which manifested physically and allegedly physically molested
Barbara in a horrifying manner while she was alone in her room
one night.  These attacks were accompanied by Poltergeist
manifestations and other obvious signs of demoniacal activity. 
These infernal creatures apparently DID NOT wish to be exposed
for what they really were.
     Whether the following account concerns the 'humanoid' hairy
dwarfs (degenerate Sasquatch?), or 'demonoid' Satyr like
creatures, or some other class of entity, is uncertain, but it is
worth noting.  This incident allegedly took place in or near
McAlester, Oklahoma, just before the start of the Korean war, and
was related in Timothy Green Beckley's book 'THE SHAVER MYSTERY
AND THE INNER EARTH' (Gray Barker Books., 1967., pp. 61-62).  It
was also related by the late subsurface researcher Charles A.
Marcoux, who investigated the site personally:
     The incident involved a 'mound' or a hill in or near
McCallester, on the farm of an old gentleman who is now deceased,
who had lived there for several years.  This elderly man claimed
that there was something unusual about the hill.  Strange noises
would emerge from it at times, and on many occasions several of
his livestock turned up missing or mutilated.  The old gentleman
even placed wooden crosses on the hill in an attempt to ward off
evil spirits.
     Three men at one point took an interest in the hill, most
likely due to the bizarre rumors which surrounded the mound. 
After some investigation they noticed a small opening, barely
large enough to enter, in the side of the hill.  Gathering
together some equipment, flashlights, etc., they commenced to
make their way into the center of the hill, and managed to emerge
into a fairly large interior cavern.  The thing that most
surprised them after descending down below the hill was that the
cavern in which they found themselves had in its center an
apparently 'bottomless' shaft which plunged deeper than their
lights could reach.  Even more startling however was that,
allegedly spiraling downwards around the perimeter of the pit,
was a stone staircase which had apparently been carved at some
ancient time by some unknown race.  The steps were large, almost
3 feet broad and tall, as if they had been built by and for a
race of giant humans.
     The three explorers proceeded to descend the 'staircase',
and continued their descent for several hours, after which time
they still had not reached it's end.  Their flashlights were
beginning to grow dim, so they decided to head back to the
surface.  As they were approaching the surface some time later,
they were suddenly attacked from behind by a group of [hairy?]
humanoid like creatures, about 4 or 5 feet tall.  Two of the men
managed to escape and as the other one was attempting to leave,
the creatures grabbed him from behind and began to 'pounce' on
him.  At this point a 'cave-in' just 'happened' to close off the
escape route (based on other accounts we can determine that such
ill-timed 'cave-ins' are no accident).  The others, now outside,
frantically began to dig their way back into the hill to rescue
their trapped friend.  Fortunately for him, but not so for his
attackers, the man inside happened to be equipt with a 45 caliber
revolver.  He may have brought it along 'just in case' after
hearing the stories of the 'haunted' hill and the animals that
had turned up mutilated in the area.  Whatever the case, he took
out the pistol and proceeded to unload it's contents at point
blank range into the group of attackers.  As far as he could
tell, this did not kill them immediately, but it did at least
drive them back and bought enough time for his friends to dig
their way through to him.  As they were pulling him out some of
the creatures returned and grabbed his legs and tried to pull him
back in, but this time he managed to break loose and escape with
the help of his friends.  When he was safely on the surface he
and his friends were shocked to see that his clothes were covered
with YELLOWISH BLOOD!
     The three men soon afterwards left the country to fight in
the Korean War, with plans to return one day better equipt, but
Marcoux nor anyone else who was involved with him in the case was
able to confirm whether or not they did so.  However, Marcoux did
visit the site and stated that the entrance, once again, was
blocked by a cave-in and break-down, and that it would require
some effort to dig it out again.  As we will see in other
accounts, there are many 'coincidences' or reoccurring themes
which tend to involve reports of this type: Strange creatures,
often 4-5 feet tall, attacking explorers; obvious indications of
paranormal activity; artificially produced 'cave-ins' or rock-
falls directed at the explorers or intruders; people being
injured or disappearing without a trace; accounts of animal or
human mutilations; discovery of ancient, possibly antediluvian,
subterranean excavations or tunnels; apparently unconnected
though concerted efforts on the part of certain officials to
cover-up the encounters and seal-off the sites; superhuman and/or
supernatural strength on the part of the 'creatures' encountered,
etc.
     Another incident was related by researcher and 'survivalist'
Paul Doerr, who at the time lived in Suisan, California.  In the
mid-1980's Mr. Doerr related in a newsletter he put out called
'UNKNOWN' an incident which he claimed to have personally
experienced in his younger days.  The incident involved a
mountainous area in California which was regarded by the locals
as 'haunted', or a site of certain strange and unexplained
incidents.  One of these 'unexplained' phenomena included the
alleged discovery of strange footprints (we do not recall whether
they were 3, 4 or 5-toed footprints) which were apparently made
by a creature or creatures 3 or 4 feet tall.  Mr. Doerr claimed
to have investigated these reports, tracing them to a certain
cavern hid among the rocks and foliage of a mountainous area. 
Partially equipt to explore such a site, he entered the cave and
continued inward for quite a distance.  After some time he
discovered a fairly large chamber, which was not unusual.  The
unusual thing however was that right in the center of the floor,
almost as if it had been carefully placed there as an object of
occult religious worship, was a perfectly-shaped 5-pointed
crystal star about the size of a man's hand.
     Doerr no sooner had picked up the object than a boulder
about the size of a basketball came crashing down from above,
apparently from a higher cavern, and hit the floor just in front
of him, shattering in pieces.  He had the distinct impression
that the boulder was meant for him, and that something or someone
seemed pretty upset that he had taken the 'crystal'.  He backed
into an alcove while more and more boulders came crashing down,
and before long any chance of escape through the passage by which
he entered became hopeless.  In front of him, there was only an
impenetrable wall of rock.
     In a last ditch effort, he turned around and was somewhat
relieved to see a small passage leading off in the other
direction.  He feared that it might lead him deeper into the
cave, where he might become lost for good, but it was his only
chance of escape.  Due to all of the trouble he had been through
thus far, he figured he might as well keep the 'crystal', so he
carefully wrapped it up and headed off down the passage.  Much of
the passage was filled with water, and at times there was only a
few inches of breathing space above him, while at other times he
had to hold him breath altogether as he struggled underwater to
the next air-pocket beyond.  It seemed like several hours had
passed as he squeezed and crawled his way through the wet and
muddy passage.  When all glimmer of hope seemed to have vanished
he saw a faint light up ahead.  In a few minutes he found himself
in the open air, totally exhausted.  He never did return to the
cave.
     Several years ago Brad Steiger reported an incredible
incident involving a demolition crew in San Francisco, who were
in the process of tearing down some old buildings when they broke
into an underground cavity adjacent to the basement level of one
of the old structures.  They found some equipment and entered the
opening, and were surprised to find themselves in a tunnel which
branched out in different directions underground.  The
construction workers commenced to explore the passages for some
time before they encountered something which left them shocked
and trembling.  Right in front of them stood a group of the
strangest creatures they had ever seen.  They were neither
'entirely' human nor entirely like any animal they had seen
before.  They were humanoid, covered from head to foot with hair,
were around 5 feet tall, with eyes which reflected reddish in the
light of their flashbeams.
     The demolitionists decided that they weren't going to stay
there much longer, and beat a hasty retreat back to the surface. 
The opening might have been subsequently covered-up by debris and
further demolition work, although this is uncertain.  Whatever
may have become of the tunnel entrance is anyone's guess.
     Another incident was related by Mrs. Cossette Willoughby of
Fairacres, New Mexico.  Some years ago she had sent researchers
copies of a transcript of an ancient text which had allegedly
been found carved into the wall of a cavern in South America and
translated into English.  The writings were allegedly found in
Peru by members of the famous Kon Tiki expedition, who spent some
time in the Peruvian jungles in search of bamboo wood.  The
message was written in something similar to ancient cuniform, and
was translated by a linguistic expert who was familiar with such
ancient languages.
     The transcript, in short, was written in the eloquent and
poetic style of a Castillian knight, although being cuniform it
may have predated even them, and was a warning to anyone who
would attempt to explore the cave in the future.  It was written
just before this knight, perhaps for the last time, entered the
depths of the cave himself in search of his beloved wife-to-be. 
The passage poetically described his deep love and affection for
this woman whom he loved and how, one day, she turned up missing.
Setting out to trace her whereabouts, he eventually discovered
some tracks in the ground which he was certain belonged to his
beloved.  He followed her path to a certain area where he noticed
in the ground a set of cloven-hooved footprints.  He instantly
knew what the creature was, one of the 'devils' or 'troglodytes'
which he had heard about, and which were alleged to live in deep
caverns beneath the surface of the earth, some type of satyrus-
like creature.  He was able to discern from the two sets of
prints what ensued.  She had been approached by the creature,
which proceeded to mesmerize her with some kind of enchantment,
its deep hollow voice seductively whispering promises, and caused
her to mindlessly follow it.  At one point in the path the
warrior noticed that she had suddenly come out of the 'trance'
and began to realize what was happening to her, and from that
point on signs of resistance on her part could be seen.  Further
along the 'trail' the knight was able to discern that the
creature began to DRAG her towards some destination.  He
eventually found that the trail led to the cave, the very one
discovered by the Kon Tiki expedition so many centuries later.
     The last part of the message was in the form of a 'prayer'
to the Almighty, asking for vengeance and victory, that the Lord
would give to him the claws of a tiger to tear his enemies in
pieces, and the strength to rescue the girl he loved.  The
closing passage was a petition to the Almighty which asked that
if he did not return, that the Lord would protect these words so
that it might be read as a warning to anyone who might dare in
the future to enter therein.
     In the Dec. 1946 issue of 'AMAZING STORIES' Magazine, pp.
24-25 we read an account involving an underground race of 'hairy
dwarfs' who were known to kidnap human beings from time to time. 
The creatures referred to in the account 'may' have been a
degenerate branch of the Sasquatch.  If the beings described
in the following account did possess souls and were thus
'humans', they certainly did not treat their victims in a
'humane' manner.  Whether these 'manimals' or 'animen' were
soullish or soulless beings is a question that may be difficult
to answer.  Both types may exist, whether humanoid, demonoid, or
amphibioid in nature.  Whatever the case, the following account
was written by Rex du Howard, and was titled: 'THE LEGEND OF
QUINMAS VALLEY.':
     "...The storm had become quite bad, and Chatham Sound was no
place for small craft such as ours, so we put about and into a
nearby harbor.  Further cruising into Alaska waters would be held
up till the storm abated.
     "Overlooking the harbor was an Indian village, and having
nothing better to do, I took my pencils and sketch book and went
ashore to look around.  I do a bit of sketching, something I
fondly believe to be my artistic talent.
     "This town was a far cry from the day when the Indians lived
in log and shaik lodges, to the modern homes I was seeing; and my
hopes of seeing a real Indian or hearing any native legends
seemed small indeed.  However luck was with me in that I found
sitting on the front steps of his home a very old man, who when I
spoke to him, immediately called to someone inside the house.  A
young lady came to the door.  When I made known my wishes, she,
after translating to the old man, readily agreed to tell me all
the legends and tales he could recall.  While he talked in his
oddly drawled, yet smooth dialect, the girl, his great grand-
daughter, translated the odd tale:
     "For several days Nis-We-Bask had been following the banks
of a large creek; his friend Kae-lth had decided to return to his
canoe at tidewater, thence to his summer camp.  But Nis-We-Bask
was determined to explore this river as far as possible, now
during the low water season, just to see how many beaver colonies
and other fur-bearing animals could be located.  Kae-lth had
suggested, rather apprehensively, that it wasn't safe for one man
to venture into unknown territory; in fact even hinted that other
creatures other than just wild animals might be found, with
unpleasant results.  Nis-We-Bask had laughed at his friend's
fears; moreover he was young and strong and a good hunter as well
as the fact that many other hunters of their tribe had at
different times gone out hunting alone, and with one or two
exceptions had always returned.  Aside from such wild animals as
were usually found in these parts, what was there to be afraid
of?  Surely not the stories old squaws told their grand-children
by the lodge fire; stories of giant men who long ago had paid
their tribe a visit and taught the tribe many things now
forgotten.
     "Musing this, Nis-We-Bask walked silently along, sometimes
along animal trails, sometimes along trails of his own devising. 
At the mouths of several small tributary streams he had noted
beaver cuttings along the banks; thus Nis-We-Bask travelled,
mentally charting and placing the spots he and fellow hunters
would return to in the spring-time.  Beaver pelts stacked the
height of a long rifle could ne used to buy the rifle, at the new
trading post at Fort Simpson.  With such pleasant thoughts he
came upon an ideal camp site, and gathering some dry twigs, made
a small fire and prepared his evening meal of smoked fish roasted
at the fire, then, having eaten, he rolled in his blanket and was
soon asleep.  Toward dawn Nis-We-Bask was awakened to instant
alertness.  That there was something watching him he could not
doubt, and the feeling was almost physical, then in an instant
the feeling was gone.  He was certain that it was NOT an animal
that had caused him to awaken so suddenly... any animal would
have made some slight sound in leaving that his trained hunter's
hearing would have registered.  At the first rays of dawn Nis-We-
Bask was on his way, ever up the river.  Despite the odd
experience of the night before he was determined to reach the
headwaters of this river before returning home.
     "The river lessened in size as Nis-We-Bask proceeded, and
toward afternoon he arrived at a high walled pass through which
the stream ran.  The river being low, it was not difficult to
find a way along its edge, which on the inside opened into a
fairly large valley, through which the river meandered. 
Following this, Nis-We-Bask came upon a burned over area fully
the length of six war canoes and fully half as wide, the surface
being as smooth as the surface of the deep water in the river. 
Vaguely troubled as to what may have caused this burned area,
Nis-We-Bask prepared to spend the night, and on the morrow start
the journey home.
     Even as he sat by his fire Nis-We-Bask became aware of being
watched in the half light of twilight.  He could not see who or
what could be the cause of it.  There had been no sign of bears
or other large animals, yet that feeling of being watched
persisted.  Then he remembered Kae-lth's remarks to the effect
that this was where the legendary giants had vanished.  Still,
why believe old squaws' tales?  Those were only to frighten small
children.  The feeling of being watched became stronger, then the
creatures appeared; the things that had been watching Nis-We-
Bask.  Even as he saw them he knew what they were.  They were the
Bow-iss, neither man or animal yet with the cunning and vileness
of both.  Creatures which in olden times, had boldly stolen
children and women from the tribes; but they were supposed to
have disappeared a long time back.  The Bow-iss slowly shambled
toward Nis-We-Bask making peculiar sounds as if laughing at some
monstrous joke.  Panic stricken, yet quite unable to move, Nis-
We-Bask watched the slow approach.  Then the creatures circled
him, removed his bow and arrows and knife; then with two in front
and two behind they marched him back the way they had come.
     "Nis-We-Bask through terrified had time to observe the
creatures closely.  Each was about the size of a youth, through
in shoulder breadth equal to a man, bow-legged and with long
unkempt hair of a dirty brown color (Note: by the reference to
'long, unkempt hair', we might get the assumption that the Bow-
iss were NOT covered entirely from head to foot in fur, which
would seem to indicate that--even though described as 'neither
man or animal'--they might be more human than animal, or rather a
type of humanoid 'dwarfish' race not entirely in the same class
as the alleged 'fur-covered' dwarfs described in other accounts,
although possibly somewhat similar to them in some respects -
Branton).  Each was clad in loin-cloth and sandals of some
smooth, shiny material, and at each belt was a knife and a small
box-like affair which appeared to be a weapon of some sort.  The
creature in the lead headed for a low overhanging cliff at the
base of which an opening to a cave was visible, followed by
Nis-We-Bask and the other Bow-iss.  Nis-We-Bask would have fled
there and then, but even as he turned one of the Bow-iss aimed
his little box-like weapon at him, causing extreme pain and
paralyzing him completely.  Amid wild, pealing laughter Nis-We-
Bask fainted.  When he regained consciousness, he and two of
the creatures were traveling in a weird conveyance that made
little sound yet traveled at great speed, along a wide shiny
road.  Inside the cave it was quite light for the very rock
overhead shone with a pale silvery color.  Ever downward their
conveyance went, then finally came to a stop in what seemed a
vast cavern.
     "Nis-We-Bask had no choice but to follow the creatures.  He
looked about for an exit should escape be possible, but saw none
save they way they had entered.  On all sides towered terrifying
monsters of metal that somehow or other seemed to have lives of
their own; one or two even glowed with a weird blue light. 
Beyond that his mind could not conceive or describe.  One of the
Bow-iss aimed his little box-weapon at Nis-We-Bask causing that
intense pain and paralysis, after which they dragged him over and
chained him to a ring set in the floor of the cave, then they
proceeded to place around him in a half-circle a pile of wood,
collected for this very purpose, this was then set afire.  He
knew what his fate would be; he was to be roasted alive.  Already
the heat from the fire was becoming unbearable.  Realizing their
captive's crazed fear the Bow-iss screamed and danced themselves
into a frenzy, as moans and cries were forced from Nis-We-Bask's
seared and cracked lips... then merciful unconsciousness.
     "Nis-We-Bask awoke to a feeling of infinite coolness and
comfort; then he realized that he was still in the cave, but on
that strange vehicle and being returned to the surface; but
instead of the hideous creatures that had taken him down into the
cave, the other occupant of the conveyance was a man, huge and
fair of coloring.  The giant seemed to be aware that Nis-We-Bask
was awake, for he turned and smiled, then he spoke though his
lips did not move.
     "'Have no fear Nis-We-Bask, you will be returned to your
people, those whom you call the Bow-iss in this cave are no more.
While we were absent our home was discovered and occupied by the
Bow-iss.  The gods were kind that we returned when we did.'
     "Through Nis-We-Bask's mind ran the stories told him in his
childhood of the giants who had visited his people in ages
past...  
     "Soon they reached the cave entrance and the giant and Nis-
We-Bask got out of the now motionless vehicle.  Dimly Nis-We-Bask
could discern the outline of something huge resting where the
burned patch of earth was and he knew somehow that this monster
had caused it.  The giant broke into his thoughts, in that way of
speaking without uttering a sound.
     "I will return you to your canoe at tidewater, do just as I
instruct you.  Stand within this circle I have inscribed, close
your eyes and do not on any account open them.'
     "With that the giant left Nis-We-Bask and entered the cave
again.  Just then Nis-We-Bask felt a sickening falling feeling as
if he were falling from a great height, then the feeling was
gone, and he looked about to find himself on the sand near his
canoe.
     "When Nis-We-Bask returned to his native village and tried
to tell of his adventure, he was scoffed at as having a bad dream
or falling and hurting his head and dreaming it all.  But there
were a few who did believe and some who still do..."
     This account makes no references to the 'Saurians' or
'Reptilians' often encountered in subterranean regions, but it
does 'apparently' refer to an unfortunate conflict between three
branches of the HUMAN race - the Titans (most likely descended
from the giant 'Anakim' of ancient Hebrew tradition), the dwarfs
(most likely a degenerate branch of the human OR Sasquatch race),
and Native American humans.  In spite of the apparent physical
degeneracy of the 'Bow-iss', there is a 'possibility' that they
may possess human souls as do the Indians and Titans, as the Bow-
iss were certainly not alone in their potential ability to
degenerate into such sub-human behavior (take the Nazi's for
instance, who although human, nevertheless committed atrocities
worthy of serpents).  These two 'alien' groups, the Titans and
the Bow-iss (whether manimals or animen) have been described in
several other accounts as well.  Whether 'fur-covered' dwarfs
or the more human-looking dwarfs, BOTH have been described as
being extremely strong for their sizes, and in some cases even
showed the ability of human-like speech.  As we indicated, the
group encountered by Nis-We-Bask may have been a physically
degenerate offspring of the human OR sasquatchean race.
     There have been more modern accounts of contacts with the
'Titans'.  For instance a gentleman of 'gypsy' heritage by the
name of Virgil T. Godwin, described in his book 'BIZARRE SHAVER'
(self published) his numerous encounters with UFO's and the
entities behind them.  He had also appeared on talk shows in the
northwest and has taken photos of several UFO's and 'Sasquatch'
encounters.  He claims to have had frequent contacts with a race
of 'giant' humans connected to the UFOs, who apparently have an
underground base outside of Salem, Oregon as well as a 'space
station' which they utilize for off-planet activities.  Virgil
claimed that these people had established space travel centuries
before the American or Russian 'space race' even began.  Mr.
Godwin also indicated some connection between these 'giants' and
the Sasquatch, although he was rather vague on exactly what that
connection might have been.
     As with the case of the malevolent 'serpent' races, the
various divergences of the 'human' races that have been
encountered during aerial or subsurface incidents seem to be
many, while at the same time the answers as to how these various
divergences or human branches came about seem few and far
between.  However more information is 'surfacing' daily, and in
fact some expect that for survivals sake the various humanoid-
mammalian 'branches' may one day be inclined to put aside their
disagreements and unite their forces (as they become more
familiar with each other) against the other 'alien' saurioid-
reptilian groups which apparently have no connection whatsoever
to the 'human heritage', yet which according to dozens of
different sources have and are ceaselessly attempting to
undermine 'humankind' or even turn them against each other in an
attempt to wrest control of the earth and what lies below or
beyond it, for themselves. 

                       *       *       * 

(INPUT 004)

Some researchers and 'contactees' have referred to a 'human'
alien group from a nearby star system who are known as the
'Coldasians'.  These may very well be the same group who others
refer to as the 'Koldasians'.  UFO PHOTO ARCHIVES (P. O. Box
17206., Tucson, AZ  85710) has released a volume detailing an
alleged contact with a man from the planet 'Koldas'.  It is
uncertain as of this writing whether or not the 'Koldasians' (or
Coldasians) are part of the alleged although loosely-tied
Eridanus-Cetus-Pleiades-Hyades-Vega-Ummo 'federation', all
inhabited by 'human' beings.
     The volume, titled 'UFO: CONTACT FROM THE PLANET KOLDAS - A
COSMIC DIALOGUE', is described as follows in an advertisement
released by UFO PHOTO ARCHIVES:
     "...This 300-page report unfolds the story behind a powerful
and special friendship still continuing between two men--one from
beyond Earth.
     "Valdar is the extraterrestrial human being who came to
Earth in preparation for his commissioning as the commander of an
interplanetary spacecraft.  He lived near an electronics plant
and worked closely with a South African national for two years,
before departing for his home planet Koldas in another solar
system.
     "Valdar's two years of integrated living on a more
primitively inhabited planet was one last prerequisite to his new
role as spaceship commander--and he chose Earth, the unique
planet a friend and mentor had also visited during his own final
indoctrination.
     "Before his final selection of our planet, Valdar had been
told by his friend of Earth's rare beauty, its great variety of
living species, vast oceans, high plains, abundant vegetation--
and the unusual savageness of its society.
     "After some familiarization here, Valdar met and befriended
F. Edwin W., a South African working in Durban.  The Report tells
the story of this friendship, a close relationship that has
continued, up to and beyond Valdar's departure for Koldas right
before the eyes of his Earth-based friend.  The relationship
continues today.
     "More than 1,000 communications have been received from the
extraterrestrial since Valdar's departure from Earth (via
electromagnetic energy beams).
     "Many other witnesses and extensive documentation adequately
support this case.  Important material collected by long-time UFO
researcher Carl van Vlierden includes color photographs and [an]
ACTUAL PHONOGRAPH RECORDING of the Koldasian commander delivering
a heartfelt message to the people of Earth.
     "This comprehensive report is published through the
generosity and special interest of the Weaver family."

                        *       *       *    

(INPUT 005)

Many believe the 'Sasquatch' were a freak genetic 'hybrid' which
took place between humans and apes in antediluvian times.  In
'CHARLES BERLITZ'S WORLD OF THE ODD & AWESOME' we read one
possible evidence for the emergence of such an unnatural 'race':
     "...Oliver was discovered in the Congo more than a decade
ago, and no one is sure whether he's a mutant, a hybrid, or part
of a new species of chimp.  He looks like a bald chimpanzee, but
his ears are at the top of his head rather than at the center. 
His nose protrudes much like that of humans, and UNLIKE APES, who
prefere to walk on their knuckles, Oliver seems to naturally walk
UPRIGHT.
     "Studied extensively by Ralph Helfer, an animal behaviorist
who heads Gentle Jungle, a Burbank, California organization that
trains animal actors, Oliver HAS FORTY-SEVEN CHROMOSOMES, FALLING
BETWEEN AN APE'S FORTY-EIGHT AND A HUMAN'S FORTY-SIX, AND
SUGGESTING A CROSSBREED or possibly Down's syndrome.  His
intelligence, however, rules out a simian form of Down's
syndrome.  We watches television Westerns and action programs for
hours, unlike chimps, which become bored after a few minutes..."

                        *       *       *